Doc/improve installation guide (#116)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/getting-started/installation/configuration/_index.md

{{< note >}} If your `ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml` is in a directory other than `./config/stack`, you will need to change this volume accordingly. {{</ note >}}

#### Environment and Ports

The databases used by {{% tts %}} are configured in the `environment` section. In this guide, these are set to the CockroachDB and Redis instances that are mentioned above.

{{< note >}} If using managed databases, the `environment` ports need to be changed to the ports of the managed databases. {{</ note >}}

The `ports` section exposes {{% tts %}}'s ports to the world. Port `80` and `443` are mapped to the internal HTTP and HTTPS ports. The other ports have a direct mapping. If you don't need support for gateways and applications that don't use TLS, you can remove ports starting with `188`.

Here is an example `stack` configuration from the Enterprise version of `docker-compose.yml`:

{{< highlight yaml "linenos=table,linenostart=39" >}}
{{< readfile path="/content/getting-started/installation/configuration/docker-compose-enterprise.yml" from=39 to=83 >}}
{{< /highlight >}}

> # The Things Stack Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The Things Stack Configuration
```

Configuration options for running {{% tts %}} are specified in the `ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml` file. This section points out the required configuration options.

> <!--more-->

Reviewer: remove

The example `ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml` file for {{% tts %}} Enterprise shown below contains details which help you follow this section.

> <details><summary>Example ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml file</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details><summary>Example ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml file, downloadable [above](/#example-configuration-files)</summary>
```

{{< highlight yaml "linenos=table" >}}
{{< readfile path="/content/getting-started/installation/configuration/ttn-lw-stack-docker-enterprise.yml" >}}
{{< /highlight >}}</details>

### License {{< distributions-inline "Enterprise" >}} {#license}

{{% tts %}} Enterprise requires a license, which can be purchased at the [products page](https://thethingsindustries.com/technology/pricing). This is specified in the `license` field, and can be either a `key` string, or a `file`path. See the [License configuration reference]({{< ref "/reference/configuration/the-things-stack#license" >}}) for more information.

### TLS

This example shows the configuration for using TLS with Let's Encrypt. Since {{% tts %}} is being deployed on
`thethings.example.com` in this guide, it is configured to only request certificates for that
host, and also to use it as the default host. See the [TLS Options configuration reference]({{< ref "/reference/configuration/the-things-stack#tls-options" >}}) for more information.

{{< note >}} Make sure that you use the correct `tls` configuration depending on whether you are using Let's Encrypt or your own certificate files. {{</ note >}}

> {{< note >}} If you are using your own certificate files, make sure to uncomment the lines that define `source` type, `root-ca`, `certificate` and `key`. The paths assigned to these do not need to be altered, because they point to the location of these files inside the Docker container, and not on your machine. {{</ note >}}

Reviewer: This is a great note 🙌🏽

### HTTP

In the `http` section, HTTP server keys for encrypting and verifying cookies are configured, as well
as passwords for endpoints that you may want to keep for the internal use.

### Email

{{% tts %}} sends emails to users, so the `email` section of the configuration defines how these are sent.
You can use Sendgrid or an SMTP server. If you skip setting up an email provider,
{{% tts %}} will print emails to the stack logs.

### Component URLs

Finally, the `console` section configures the URLs for the Web UI and the secret used
by the console client. These tell {{% tts %}} where all its components are accessible.

{{< warning >}} Failure to correctly configure component URLs is a common problem that will prevent the stack from starting. Be sure to replace all instances of `thethings.example.com` with your domain name! {{</ warning >}}

> {{< note >}} Note that the `client-secret` is also needed when initializing {{% tts %}}. {{</ note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}} Note that the `client-secret` will be needed later when authorizing the Console. {{</ note >}}
```

### Multi-tenancy {{< distributions-inline "Enterprise" >}} {#multi-tenancy}

If running a multi-tenant environment, we need to configure the default tenant ID, and the base domain from which tenant IDs are inferred. See the [`tenancy` configuration reference]({{< ref "/reference/configuration/the-things-stack#multi-tenancy" >}}).

> # Localhost

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Localhost
```

Follow this section if you are configuring and running {{% tts %}} on a local machine with no public IP or DNS address.

> <!--more-->

Reviewer: Remove

### Solution 1: Use the IP address of your computer on your local network

The best solution is to configure and use a static IP address for your machine on your local network so that redirects from your machine, from the Docker container, or from anywhere inside your local network, all resolve at the same place, on your machine. 

Follow instructions [here](https://uk.pcmag.com/news/124250/how-to-set-up-a-static-ip-address) for configuring a static IP address on your computer. Use that IP address as your server address, i.e replace `thethings.example.com` with that IP address. You may also generate a self-signed certificate for that IP address by following instructions in the [Certificates]({{< relref "certificates" >}}) section.

This will still allow you to see {{% tts %}} Console by entering `localhost` or your local IP address in your browser. It will also allow you to connect to {{% tts %}} from any machine inside your local network.

> You will also need to [configure the CLI]({{< ref "getting-started/cli/installing-cli#generate-configuration-file" >}}), to use the static IP of your machine as the address of {{% tts %}}. 

Reviewer: Remove duplicate

{{% tts %}} can be configured using command-line flags, environment variables, or configuration files. See the [Configuration Reference]({{< ref "reference/configuration" >}}) for more information about the configuration options.

This guide shows an example of configuring {{% tts %}} using a configuration file, with an example domain `thethings.example.com` and TLS certificates from Let's Encrypt.

>**Note:** If configuring {{% tts %}} as `localhost` on a machine with no public IP or DNS address, see [Special Considerations - Localhost]({{< ref "getting-started/installation/configuration/localhost" >}}) section.

The `docker-compose.yml` file defines the Docker services of {{% tts %}} and its dependencies, and is used to configure Docker.

> The configuration file `ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml` contains the configuration specific to {{% tts %}} deployment and is used to configure {{% tts %}}. When {{% tts %}} starts, it searches through `ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml` for a license key, hostname and other configuration parameters.

Reviewer 2: Note that license key is not needed for the Open Source version.
